Fix sending crashes fot WPF apps (#1737)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

### App Center

* **[Fix]** Update `Newtonsoft.Json` dependency to version `13.0.2`. The update fixes [GHSA-5crp-9r3c-p9vr](https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-5crp-9r3c-p9vr).

> * **[Fix]** Use `DispatcherUnhandledException` instead of `AppDomain.CurrentDomain.UnhandledException` for WPF applications for postcrash processing. It`s fix [#1727](https://github.com/microsoft/appcenter-sdk-dotnet/issues/1727).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Use `DispatcherUnhandledException` instead of `AppDomain.CurrentDomain.UnhandledException` for WPF applications for postcrash processing. It fixes #1727.
```
